docs: add supported SMS/voice countries to docs (#5219)
grafana/oncall: docs/sources/manage/notify/phone-calls-sms/index.md

To learn the phone number used by OnCall, make a test call from the “Phone Verification” tab.

### SMS/Voice support by country

The following is a list of countries currently supported by Grafana OnCall.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}

> Please be aware that due to limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that due to limitations
```

in our telecom provider’s service, some numbers within supported countries may occasionally be flagged as “high-risk” when
verifying your phone number, thereby preventing you from being able to use that number to receive notifications.

> We recommend testing your notification chain to confirm that OnCall can reach you. For added reliability, consider backing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you test your notification rules to confirm that OnCall can reach you. For added reliability, consider backing
```

> up phone calls and SMS notifications with additional methods, such as the [Mobile app](ref:mobile-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
up phone calls and SMS notifications with additional methods, such as the [Mobile app](/docs/grafana-cloud/alerting-and-irm/irm/irm-mobile-app/push-notifications/).
```

Reviewer: These mobile app docs will be hidden from the TOC soon so I changed this link to point to the new mobile app docs.
